thousands of people have rallied in
Israeli cities demanding government
action for the release of hostages being
held by Hamas in Gaza in Tel Aviv
Israeli police used water cannons to
disperse anti-government protesters who
also called for the removal of prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu as the
domestic and international pressure
mounts on Netanyahu a hostage release
deal with Hamas considered a terrorist
group by multiple countries could be
within reach after talks between Israel
American Egyptian and katar mediators in
Paris and we're joined Now by DW
correspondent Tanya Kemar from Jerusalem
Tanya this is the latest in the series
of anti-government protests can you tell
us more about last
night well we've seen those protests
anti-government protests and anti and
Netanyahu protests you have to say um
are growing larger and louder in recent
weeks in the the beginning after October
7 after the terror attacks there and
then the uh War you know people were U
more reluctant to go out um they told me
at least the protesters and there were
more calls of vigils and protests to
call for the release of the hostages and
now we are seeing also more
anti-government protests and last night
uh they turned violent with the police
using water cannons and Mounted Police
that were also arrests uh being U made
um you know this sense is also reflect
in in the uh in in polls here more
people are calling for elections also
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu lost a
lot of
popularity um uh people criticizing him
for not taking responsibility for the
security failures uh leading up to
October uh 7th but also um you know
they're saying there needs to be a
change in leadership because of the
handling of the crisis this doesn't mean
that people are against the war a
majority of Israeli supports uh the war
but they wants to see they want to see
that the government is handling this and
bringing those hostages home as well
yeah we mentioned the talks with uh
several foreign parties as well what
more do we know about this hostage
deal yes there were new talks uh on
Friday uh in uh Paris with the heads of
the mosad the domestic intelligence
service the shin B the Israeli uh
intelligence service and the CIA and
also the negotiators and mediators from
Qatar and from Egypt and on Saturday
night uh the Israeli uh security cabinet
met so according to Israeli uh reports
here in the media they decided now to uh
continue those negotiations uh to uh
send mediators also uh to Q those talks
had broken down a couple of weeks ago
and now it seems there is a new
framework now the details are of course
uh not known but there's talk about a
phased release of hostages up to 40 in a
first phase in exchange for Palestinian
uh prisoners uh but again you know the
the starting points are from what we are
hearing Hamas has uh asked for a
complete hold or cessation of
hostilities and end to the war and
complete withdrawal uh of Israeli uh
forces this had been rejected uh by
Israel but we heard also the Israeli
national uh security adviser tan neby
talking on Saturday night that he says
there's room for maneuvering for moving
forward so it's still to see whether
this framework will work out this time
DW is Tanya ker in Jerusalem many thanks
for that
update